Disable v1beta1 APIRule for all clusters (#2207)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/release-notes/3.4.0.md

> ## Breaking changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## APIRule `v1beta1` Deletion
```

> The APIRule API in version `v1beta1` is no longer available. The only supported versions are `v2alpha1` and `v2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release introduces the third phase of APIRule `v1beta1` deletion. The APIRule API in version `v1beta1` is no longer available, and the only supported versions are `v2alpha1` and `v2`.
```

> APIRules that have been created using the `v1beta1` version will not be automatically migrated, but will
> remain functional. However, you will not be able to create new APIRules or update existing ones using the `v1beta1` version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIRules created in version `v1beta1` are not automatically migrated, but
remain functional. However, you can no longer create APIRule CRs `v1beta1` in new and existing clusters, modify existing APIRule CRs `v1beta1`, or delete them. For more information on the deletion timeline for SAP BTP, Kyma runtime, see [APIRule v1beta1 Migration Timeline](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/apirule-migration?locale=en-US&version=Cloud#apirule-v1beta1-migration-timeline).
```

> Please migrate your APIRules using the `v2` API version.
> See the [migration guide](../user/apirule-migration/README.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> To make sure that support for your APIRules is maintained, you must migrate them to version `v2`. To learn how to do this, see [APIRule Migration](https://kyma-project.io/#/api-gateway/user/apirule-migration/README).
```
